we are on computex 2015 here we are against
the bus stands asus eeebox this
device was announced only
a few days ago but now well
exposed for his time 44 to you that me
I found this exposition with this
all three versions see there is the
white version that I put in my hand
there's the gold that behind and wool
end up seeing it in the world
the peculiarity of this model that it is
a small internet-based mini pc is
its characteristic of strength a
came the intel hardware platform
braswell can we have a processor is
in 2003 and precisely I owe them the con
tdp of four acts only 4 watts and that is
obviously makes romania flaws
absolutely the most modern stages
available on the market this moment
we want the frame is this version
white I repeat in plastic how pretty
very solid with the front USB 3.0 and
the usb type was venerated small
reversible there is also a line doves r
a sensor to find the management with
TV remote
on the back two hdmi outputs and a third of
on the doors because in fact as you see
just the soul shoulders can be found
configurations with three monitors that
makes it absolutely very performing is
much more suitable for any type of
also a business context
let's make an office more complete
all the rest the gigabit ethernet
ethernet and 2 to 3 2 usb 3.0 arrive in
configuration with 4gb of ram with module
ssd td with the two some certain
computing power behind me
I also show you what it is that
here the acid but
also something I hadn't said before
there is a power supply just as much of
slot to manage with pin
owner and this is perhaps the only one
flaw compared to mini pc a little more
small and more compact on virtues
Romans for usb but to the advantage
obviously different and for the rest
precisely division of 110 x 46 118 18 mm
x and behind me is the cp they will use
state monitor with the note
calculation frequency of the cpu nnn
3000 here still all one
more than once confirm why in
this moment here is running from
this morning for this model here
exposed I have touched is absolutely a
fumone on good temperatures
we say that from the point of view promises
promises very nice are the first ones
who use this new person but
taxi technology which includes typical of
which 4 of the comites of all the mini PCs
new to this type this type of
several 3.0 so many are also mounted
even more than one but anyway for
more information on
availability and prices that makes dax
were more versions depending on how to
usual of the disk operating system
the amount of ram pre-installed
read the link as usual
find now is the extension for which
which obviously takes you to the page of
HDblog